hey guys how's it going Jimmy here with
another video today I want to talk about
three upcoming collector edition that I
am looking forward to talk about the
details in these collectors editions as
you can tell from the title i'm going to
be talking about the collector's
editions for mass effect 3 gears of war
3 and uncharted 3 one other collectors
edition that i don't know the details
yet for but i'm really looking forward
to is the collector's edition for elder
scrolls five sky arm when i do learn of
the details for this collector's edition
i will make a video for that now these
games will be talking about they're all
coming out in different months Gears of
War 3 in September uncharted 3 in
November and mass effect 3 I believe
it's going to be coming out in February
or march of 2012 hopefully there'll be
no delays for these games or no more
delays for these games let's get started
and talk about what you get when you
purchase Gears of War 3 there are a few
different editions and I'll talk about
that right now so in the epic edition
for Gears of War 3 you get a limited
edition Marcus Fenix statue which looks
pretty unbelievable I'll include a link
to a video the talks about the designing
for the statue and that it really is a
high quality collectible for this game
you also get the art and design of Gears
of War which includes 96 pages of
interviews photos concept artwork and
more you get an infected omen weapon
pack and you also get all of the
contents of the gears of war 3 of the
limited edition now you might be
thinking well what is in the eliminate
additional let you guys know exactly
what is in that in the limited edition
you get an office award box with Octus
Service Medal this is a sink alloy cog
which looks pretty cool you also get an
unlockable Adam Fenix multiplayer
character you get a blue fabric cog flag
which looks pretty cool you also get
some documents like Adam Phoenix's last
will and testament get the
hammer of dawn schematic and other
documents which are included for this
limited edition and finally if by chance
the epic edition isn't epic enough you
can choose to pay an additional seventy
two hundred dollars and get the epic
edition bundle which includes a retro
Lancer which looks pretty awesome so if
you have the money and you want to go
all the way get the epic edition with
retro Lancer so for the mass effect 3
collector's edition you get a premium
metal case featuring the male and female
commander shepard you get a 70-page
hardbound art book you get a limited
edition Mass Effect comic by dark horse
comics you get a fabric n7 patch get a
four by six print of the Normandy you
get other downloadable in-game content
which includes the n7 Arsenal pack which
includes the n7 sniper rifle shotgun SMG
and pistol you get in also an alternate
appearance pack and you get a robotic
dog that roams the Normandy I just stays
in the Normandy and is there are you
also getting mass effect 3 digital
soundtrack now guys to be honest with
you the Mass Effect one a mass effect 2
those are two collector editions that
went up in value I'm not exactly sure
what's going to happen with the mass
effect 3 of course mass effect 3
collector's edition is going to be off
for the ps3 xbox 360 NP is PC chances
are unless they make just a ton more
than they did in the past collector's
editions I am guessing that this
collector's edition is going to go up in
value as well so if you are in fence
about this I definitely make the plunge
and spend the extra twenty dollars to
get the collector's edition for mass
effect 3 and finally let's talk about
the collector's edition for uncharted 3
now this collector's edition is going to
be approximately one hundred dollars and
in this collector's edition you get a
steelbook
and also wearable replicas of Nathan
Drake's buckle and ring with necklace
strap you're getting Nathan Drake statue
by sideshow collectibles which looks
pretty awesome and you also get that
traveling chest packaging so all in all
this looks like a solid collector
edition I was not able to get the
fortune hunters edition for uncharted
two maybe someday I'll be able to get
that but in the meantime this is an
excellent collector's edition that's
definitely worth the money in my opinion
well guys that's it for today definitely
want to get your thoughts and comments
and which collector's edition you're
most interested in picking up as you can
tell there is going to be some great
games coming out in the near future and
some great collector's editions to go
along with those games as always guys
thank you so much for watching and I'll
talk to you later